grpc: Service for triggering indexer pruning (#1260)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/169-tx_index-pruning.md

> - `[state/indexer]` Add pruning for the tx_index.db. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[state/indexer]` Add background mechanism for pruning the block and transaction indexes
```
